Richelle Direny: ferozi
Show how are you
Richelle Direny: Okay, so our, our session today is a intake session.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Session today's tech session so little bit different from
Richelle Direny: You know clue in terms of it's just like a lot of just a boring getting your history.
Richelle Direny: Of past us thing just got and kind of getting to know you a little bit better through the history
rosita stotridge: Do you got a questionnaire. Do you want me to just start with
Richelle Direny: No, no, no, no. Give me a second. Give me a second. I'm pulling it up.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So as you know, just like with with group. I'm just the process of the whole logging in checking in. So you're pretty familiar with that a lot of you know just understanding that anything that is said that could be deemed as
Richelle Direny: You know making suggestions or starts to hurt yourself or someone else confidentially goes through out the door, but everything is all confidential. We are on a recorded session.
Richelle Direny: So you don't just kind of just, just little blurbs that we don't talk about in group, a lot of the soul, just kind of going over that.
Richelle Direny: I will be your son because you're in Tennessee. Right. Yeah. Yes, it's 10 O'clock there or it's nine o'clock. Here it's 10 o'clock. Okay, so you're saying 30 Eastern, you know, Eastern yeah this was like your Eastern
Central
Richelle Direny: Your Easter. Um, so
Richelle Direny: You know, all the time. Just kind of checking in with
Richelle Direny: So given that I'm going to be your assigned because I think I'm the only
Richelle Direny: Therapist that's going to see, are we are assigned therapists. So, you know, after this we can schedule what our follow up session is going to be in that will be getting more into talking about your treatment plan. Like, what are your goals and what is it that you want to work on.
Richelle Direny: You know, traditionally, your goal is always to maintain sobriety.
Richelle Direny: But you know, it's okay. You want to it's we want to talk about. Yes. You want to maintain your goal of sobriety are saying on this journey sobriety, but then
Richelle Direny: The goal that's more looking at taking a deeper look are kind of like peeling it back like a banana, going to the deeper layers.
Richelle Direny: Of what does it mean to maintain your sobriety. What are those core things that needs to be addressed and worked on, to be able to maintain that. Because then if you don't address them.
Richelle Direny: And do those things. It's going to be very hard to maintain that sobriety, because it's learning how to address.
Richelle Direny: Those and work through those core issues, whether it's forgiveness, whether it's to letting things go on whatever it is.
Richelle Direny: That you need to work on. So in our next session. That's what we talked about we get more into depth about that. But for today, it's, you know, just kind of me getting a better understanding of your history and kind of the road. You've traveled
Richelle Direny: And helping you along that way based on that big.
rosita stotridge: My big goal for the future. I know you know the step thing is to little, little plans.
Richelle Direny: We do.
rosita stotridge: He those to get to your cargo, but my hospital would be
Richelle Direny: I want my kids. We want your children back. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's something that you brought up in in in group yesterday.
Richelle Direny: Is just so you know, not being there having your children with you.
I just
rosita stotridge: And I was in a sandbox and clinic when they had took my kids.
And my sister was pushing against it.
And with the Suboxone clinic because I have been in and out of
I was in a methadone clinic out methadone clinic for
I want to say about eight, nine years.
Richelle Direny: And then I decided I wanted to get off the methadone. So I went to Suboxone because I kept on getting told us a box someone's you know
Better in health wise.
rosita stotridge: For you, than what methadone was so I switched to Suboxone
And I've been on Suboxone now for
Three, three years.
rosita stotridge: Just listen. Totally were my sister was it um my sister doesn't lock Mike optical father
Richelle Direny: And then that makes it a big issue there um
Richelle Direny: Do you still like your by your kids biological father. Are you still with him. Yeah, I'm still with him. Gotcha, gotcha.
He
rosita stotridge: He gets along with my sister, but my sister just not approved with him and
Richelle Direny: How many children do you have, I have for it all four of them are with him. Yes, I have no no all four of them are the year with yeah
rosita stotridge: My oldest isn't my
Richelle Direny: younger sister, your gotcha, gotcha. But, but before we get into that, because I mean a lot of that conversation and what you're about to share
Richelle Direny: We will get more into that either later or in our next appointment, because then in me getting a better understanding of the dynamic of what's
Richelle Direny: Going on in terms of the correlation with you, not having your children and trying to work to regain custody from your sister and the role that you're is the he's your husband or your boyfriend. Boyfriend okay i'm still legally married
Richelle Direny: Gotcha. So, but just understand that whole dynamic
rosita stotridge: I have the law and heck a lot of
Richelle Direny: Do. Yeah, sounds like it so so in working out a goal. It's
Richelle Direny: A goal that you can be successful and not to set up yourself for failure. Um, that's how we you know you sharing that piece um me
Richelle Direny: Both of us kind of analyzing the situation.
Richelle Direny: And working on creating long term goals and developing short term goals to reach those long term goals. Because I think when we try to do it on our own in our minds, our minds.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like what we talked about yesterday. You see the mountain in front of you. You're making goals of how to get over that mountain
Richelle Direny: But then you don't necessarily really truly analyze those goals to say to see if you will be successful. And sometimes we set up ourselves.
Richelle Direny: For failure without realizing it. So it's kind of like, okay, I'm going to work at computed completing my
Richelle Direny: Like if they're in the legal system and you have to work with a case worker with the care plan. I'm going to achieve my care plan in the next one year. Okay. The question is, is that realistic, are you setting yourself up for failure can you realistically I'm there.
Richelle Direny: With the current
Once we get to that bridge and I'm still here with you.
Richelle Direny: Or would you be able to help me with my care plan with through the DCS, you will share them with me. Yes, that's what part of your goal is, is that you will share them with me and then together. I will
Richelle Direny: Work with you to understand what your care plan is and how to attain those goals.
Richelle Direny: Because you someone is just handing you and says, This is your goal that you have to follow. And if you don't, clearly understand it and you're working to to meet those goals. It was very over overwhelming and it's been a
little over a year since my Fisher as my kids and
Richelle Direny: It just, it happened DCS didn't come in my home or nothing like that. My sister went down an emergency petition and they took on and are you is your sister older yes if she um she has she has children on her own got one biological son and a daughter.
Richelle Direny: Got you. But yes, so we will talk more about it. And yes, by all means, we will review your you know what your care plan is and then we will talk about, you know, how can we work through it because
Richelle Direny: Again, all of that without maybe necessarily realizing it. Or if you're have if you identify
Richelle Direny: All of that can also be a trigger to a relapse or a trigger to using because you just want to numb and you want to end, but you have to come to that to identify those things are triggers.
Richelle Direny: So while you want to maintain sobriety while you want to stay on this journey. Um, you have to understand what does it take and what are those triggers to a relapse, so that when life.
Richelle Direny: comes knocking like it always does. You know, how do you handle it. So, but without further ado let's you know get into kind of going over for me at least for understanding of the whole purpose of our session today is to go over the history and in, you know,
Richelle Direny: Just kind of letting you know you know when I send the reminders that you have gotten a reminder from you before. Right. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. If you are unable, if you like, you're running late or you're unable to make it or something comes up.
Richelle Direny: Because especially with with care workers. I don't know how it is in Tennessee. Sometimes they pop up. Sometimes they
Richelle Direny: Announced he tell you all you gotta do this or whatever the situation is and if you have something planned with me.
Richelle Direny: It's just sending me a message. Okay, Rochelle. This just came up and this is what I have to do. So there is like that contact that you do that additional piece of content that you have. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so tell me, how did you hear about bright hearth.
rosita stotridge: Well, I was trying to get into another clinic and I had been a basically a NOT AND A HALF, AND I HAD cobbled over two or 300 clinics.
Richelle Direny: That's a lot of clinics called a lot of what
rosita stotridge: My insurance is community United Health community plan and a lot of places this not take it and
rosita stotridge: Is when the coronavirus had just started up so everybody was independent mode on that and shutting down and didn't know what they want to do and I was watching. I think it might have been a Ron and Kelly. Do you know what I'm talking about the good morning show Ron and Kelly.
Richelle Direny: And Kelly, who's had a whole bunch of different co host, but she's the one that's
rosita stotridge: Her
rosita stotridge: I was watching our show when they had said something about telemedicine and I was like, you know, I wonder if there's something out there were, you know,
rosita stotridge: A Suboxone clinic, like that. And I Googled it and Bret Hart's was the first one that came up to the Google and I called and I read and that
Happen.
Richelle Direny: Nice, nice.
Richelle Direny: That's nice, that that outlet at least helped
Richelle Direny: Give you an idea as to
Richelle Direny: You know, it helps a lot.
rosita stotridge: Right now I've only got one vehicle and I share it with my boyfriend for, you know, for you to get back and forth to work in
rosita stotridge: Your life like how you say you're an over thinker overthink things. So I'm one of those people I think about, okay, okay. This can happen, the time this happens.
rosita stotridge: You can get to halfway to work. Does that happen and I would always get so nervous. I went and you know they'd be a flat or something, and I wouldn't be able to make it to the doctors. I mean, this is, I mean, it's just
Richelle Direny: One thing after the other. Yes, it's very
Richelle Direny: You know, it's funny that you said you mentioned overthinking and we're talking about an in group yesterday.
Richelle Direny: I was watching this movie with my family. Last night I just kind of yesterday. I just said, You know what, I'm spending the rest of the evening with my family.
Richelle Direny: I'm on interrupted and we decided to watch. I don't know if you have Facebook but sometimes on Facebook, they, they have these how they know what you're on your phone.
Richelle Direny: They take those commercials and kind of put them on your Facebook page as ads. So I've seen this one movie called Apple mortgage, Kate.
Richelle Direny: Until we were watching it last night and like the gist of it was like, here's this lady that was losing her mortgage, but she likes to bake and she her grandmother and her mom, mom.
Richelle Direny: They had this you know trademark in their family. They baked Apple cakes.
Richelle Direny: And so it was really good, but she was like, really, about to lose her house like like a life head like hitter from every direction. She's raising three boys and boys, they eat.
Richelle Direny: I'm like, there's never enough food to feed them. And one of the things that in everything that everyone was trying to help her do as she's like losing her house and you know struggling
Richelle Direny: She thought about the worst case scenario in everything.
Richelle Direny: It's like she overthought everything like you're watching the movie, you were getting annoyed with it because it's just like, oh my god. Just try
Richelle Direny: Just do it. Don't overthink it. And it just goes to show that we all in our own way. We overanalyze we overthink and we think about the most negative thing and why it can't work without actually just saying
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna take a leap of faith and I'm going to do it. And let's see what happened. And in that in her case she finally relinquish all of her negative thoughts and everything else.
Richelle Direny: And just did it. And she saved her her house and that's why it's called Apple mortgage cake because she ended up saving her house through
Richelle Direny: Following what everybody was saying to do it. It's a really cute movie but it it really spoke to exactly what we were talking about yesterday. Thank you. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: Is it on Netflix or what you can Google it on Netflix. So there's this um
Richelle Direny: Where I watched it. There's this thing called pure flix. It's kind of like Netflix, but it's like you're Christian version of Netflix. So it's called P pure flix p q r e flicks
Richelle Direny: That's where I watch it. You could Google to see if it's on Netflix or even on YouTube because I've also watched a lot of movies on youtube
Richelle Direny: To look that up. I didn't even know there was a thing called pure flix. Yeah, it's like I'm like I said, it's like a Christian version of Netflix. So it's like all these like Christian movies, if you will.
Richelle Direny: But it's on that. So it's the same way. Like you pay for a subscription to Netflix. It's the same way you pay for a scripts purse for those scripts subscription.
Richelle Direny: To pure flix but you could if you know if it's not something that you want to get or think about getting but it's a lot of positive movies that are on there but um if you wanted that particular movie. It's on. Um, you can see if it's on Netflix or if it's on.
Richelle Direny: YouTube. YouTube because like I said you can watch movies on you. I've been watching a lot of movies on youtube. I don't know how
rosita stotridge: I found one side that it's letting me watch like brand new movies that just come out. I just watched it trolls. The neutral movie what's
rosita stotridge: The Invisible Man.
Richelle Direny: Yes, I've heard about the Invisible Man, my kids want to watch. And I'm like, I'm not. I don't like watching things that makes me. Joe like like no
rosita stotridge: It's not a horror or anything like that. It's the spin
rosita stotridge: Yeah, it will make you jump.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, we had my daughter wanting to watch them like, I don't know about that. But, um, but, yeah, but that's kind of where that that that comes in, but that, you know, I'm happy that you were able to find us. A lot of people don't. It's kind of like that hidden Chen, where
Richelle Direny: When you think about bright heart. You're like, oh, I don't know. And then you find out, like, it's so convenient on you. It's the same concept as if you're physically going to a location, but you're just doing it on the telemedicine.
Richelle Direny: Give me. Um, if you could just not go into a little bit of details to tell me how it is.
Richelle Direny: Like how did you start this journey of addiction, like what what transpired what happened. How old were you when you first started, whether it's a drink or whatever it is that you're doing in high school.
my junior year
Started just pretty much saying and I fell in love with it. My puppy love first love the bad boy. I was a good girl. I was on the varsity cheerleading team, but until two I live in a small community as say there's probably maybe 300 400 graduation glass.
I was on the horses truly insane. I mean, yeah, real good girl. I mean you know what
rosita stotridge: My Mom and Daddy gave me what I wanted, but
Richelle Direny: But I was spoiled rotten and I just after smoking pot skipping school and one thing led to another. Um, so the first thing that you tried was smoking marijuana. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And how old were you at that time.
Richelle Direny: 15 1514 and did you develop a dependency on marijuana or was that later on. It was kind of recreational in the beginning.
Richelle Direny: And and so from marijuana did it escalate to anything else.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: And how old were you when you started
Richelle Direny: OK, OK. And then it was that rose recreational and
rosita stotridge: I rebelled against my mother. My mother.
Richelle Direny: Said, boy, I'm so my mom basically let me move out and move down with him. I quit school at 16. Yes. Mm hmm. And
Richelle Direny: And and then cocaine. It was everyday use every day all day. So then it became a dependency at 16 years and that's your first child's father. No, no. Okay and I'm from cocaine. Did you use anything else. Yeah, I started doing pain pills.
The first painkiller done. I think I might have been 16 and
OC.
oxy cotton.
Richelle Direny: And now when you started using pain pills. Let's use the word pain. What was the pain. Did you get an accident or it was just something you tried and just kind of the vote, and it's just something
Richelle Direny: You developed in addiction to it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so since the age of 14 use. The only thing that you've done in terms of substances is marijuana, cocaine in the axes. Yes. Okay. What about alcohol addiction.
Richelle Direny: I've never had an addiction with alcohol. I mean, I'll drink on occasion, but to just want to sit around and get drunk or have it Buzz or something, I don't know that this morning.
Richelle Direny: And did you it like is it was it at that point, you kind of lost the relationship with your mom because you said your sisters three years older. So with your sister as well.
Well me my me my sister didn't grow up together.
Richelle Direny: My sister didn't come live with me and my mom and my stepdad until she was
Richelle Direny: 1413 and 14 I think she came to live with me and my mom or your sister always lived with your my grandmother
Richelle Direny: This is your man's child. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, she's, she's my whole sister. My biological father or father to
Richelle Direny: My sister. Oh, my dad. Mm hmm. Okay, okay, Mom and Dad gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: And so throughout the years you've had a strained relationship with your sister and your mom.
Yeah, and
rosita stotridge: With my boss with my step dad know me and my step dad has a great relationship. He had a stroke. Two years ago, and it, it took a lot of laughs out of him and hurting pretty bad, but
rosita stotridge: I was a daddy's girl I was lucky enough. I was I was lucky when I had someone to step in and be a dad.
For me, my biological dad. He was around. I mean, we've posted go with him on weekends, but
He was, he was an addict, he was a drug dealer.
It was never really a I never really had a relationship with my biological father at all.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So,
rosita stotridge: Because my sister lived with my grandmother and my dad would my grandmother would let my Dad, come up there, you know, take my sister. My sister had a very good relationship with my boss.
Richelle Direny: I'm now there was in terms of so you said that at the age of 16 you dropped out of high school. So you never went back to get your GED. No. Okay. Um, and through that time what, how old are you when you had your first child.
And 21
Richelle Direny: Okay, and your, your first. What's the age different the age gap between all your children.
My oldest was born in. Oh man, my second born 2014 my third is born in 2016 and forth was born in 2018
Richelle Direny: So you have a tool for the eldest is 11 or 1211 and then and
Richelle Direny: You said a nine year old.
rosita stotridge: My oldest will just turned 11
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Yeah. And then I had
rosita stotridge: My son, he's the second oldest. He was born in 2014
Richelle Direny: Okay, so okay 2014 he's three
No, he is
Richelle Direny: No food. Yes, yes. Five. Yes. He just turned five. He just turned five
rosita stotridge: And then my third child is ELLIS, SHE WAS BORN 2016
Richelle Direny: And her birthday was just this month. And so she just turned four. Yes. Okay. You have a two year old and I have kindle and she'll be to kindle the two and you see you have two sons and daughters and one son and three three daughters three daughters. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, now in terms of like when you look at your there's there's a big gap between my first one. Second one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, definitely.
Richelle Direny: Now, in reference to, you know, like your, your history. Have you ever gone to any kind of treatment program. I've never went to actual inpatient rehab. No, no, but have, what, what about outpatient, yes.
Richelle Direny: Patient like are you talking like a like a methadone clinic where I went. And those daily
Richelle Direny: Either a methadone clinic or just a regular outpatient where you go in, you're there you're going to groups you're seeing a therapist.
Richelle Direny: And it didn't work. When was that
rosita stotridge: The very first time that I started the Methadone clinic.
Is when I lived in Virginia Norfolk, Virginia.
And it was back I have tagged Julian. Oh, none.
Because I got clean
I had moved from here, moved went to Virginia to get away. I had an opportunity. My sister can have a step sister that lives in Virginia has been retired military
And they went to give me a way out. So I went there and state with them and I was clean for two and a half years. Well I about two years and I had Kaylee.
And I ended up getting on.
And I hadn't told a good doctor. I did not tell the doctor anything about my addiction problem and the time
rosita stotridge: And after ahead Kalia had gained so much weight. I ended up getting an ascetic nerve.
Myself.
And ended up grabbing me Percocet.
And it been out of control. From there, and my addiction started back so
rosita stotridge: I would say the first the first time I've gotten to the clinic was 2010
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm third treatment. And that was, I went to a methadone clinic in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Okay, and then 2010 in between 2010 and now have
Richelle Direny: How many times if any have you relaxed.
Richelle Direny: And in that time in those last
Richelle Direny: 2010. This is after the birth of your first child.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: It will point where your did your children. When did your, your sister Yvonne files for a petition to take your children to have temporary custody of
December 2019 18
Richelle Direny: And so, so basically your daughter has been with your last child has been with your, your sister since an interesting infancy.
And I've got out.
rosita stotridge: I don't know where I don't know my again.
I missed
I missed all the last
I mean,
rosita stotridge: Even being an addict.
I was still there for my kids.
rosita stotridge: Especially again, you know, like recitals or Caledon Homecoming Queen. I was there.
rosita stotridge: A mom at a Go Fund Me and Suboxone or methadone or something not you know in the younger years it was about getting half. It was
Now, it was still maintaining maintaining and being sick and not not being sick and john to take care of the daily things that I needed to take care of.
And
I just
Miss Kindles burst sports, Mr first wall.
As missed everything
rosita stotridge: But I can't I'm learning not to hold on to that.
I got to look beyond it, and
Richelle Direny: It's yeah you yes learning how to look beyond it button and not you know yes it's a memory. It's something that's there. Um, it's just learning how to not let
Richelle Direny: You know, the, the spilt milk affects your today because you can't undo it. You can't undo it and it's coming to that place of acceptance that you you can't undo it. You can only focus on today and moving forward. That's all you can. That's all you have the power to do
Richelle Direny: You don't have the power to change yesterday, but you have the power to do something today and keep moving on. And it's, um,
Richelle Direny: It's getting through every hour of the day not going, day by day, but it's getting through each hour
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so, um, it's very, it's
rosita stotridge: Being a mother and I mean I don't know of a bother you can feel what the mom does. I have no idea, but
rosita stotridge: It's, I don't even like watching TV shows or movies that involves
Kids children.
Richelle Direny: Because it's a bit, it's a it's a bad memory of I just miss it. I miss it so bad.
Richelle Direny: You know, it's so it is how
Richelle Direny: You know, kind of just giving a tip before we move on, it's
Richelle Direny: It's how you receive the information
Richelle Direny: You could receive the information and look at it as all the things that you're missing and keep you stagnant in the past of what you're missing daily or you can receive it as encouragement of how much harder. You need to work in Rick
Richelle Direny: You remember that movie, you know, it just hit me, you remember that movie losing Isaiah.
Richelle Direny: With Halle Berry. It's a very, very old movie.
Richelle Direny: Losing Isaiah with Halle Berry. And I want to say her name is Meryl Streep
Richelle Direny: It's an old, old movie, but it was very was a child.
Richelle Direny: No Halle Berry was the drug addict. She was the drug addict who she was so focused on getting high. I think maybe because she was
Richelle Direny: I think I want to say she was homeless in the movie, but um she was. I think she was homeless in the movie, but it's just so happened. I want to say like her addiction was heroin.
Richelle Direny: Or cocaine or whatever it was, whatever drug. It was and she gave birth behind a dumpster.
Richelle Direny: And after she gave birth, she gave birth herself behind the dumpster. She put the baby in the garbage. But then the next day she went back to get the baby. And the baby was gone.
Richelle Direny: And so, Meryl Streep, who was, I think it was a nurse or a doctor had developed this attachment to this little boy and eventually had adopted the child.
Richelle Direny: And losing Isaiah. The whole premise of the movie.
Richelle Direny: Is what I'm saying to you, it's, it's, you have two choices. You can either look at, like you said, you don't like watching movies or maybe being around people with hat would have children or hearing about their stories.
Richelle Direny: It's how you receive it. Do I just stay focused on what I'm missing and how much I long and miss them or do I now stay focused on or do I receive the information as
Richelle Direny: I need to fix me I need to work on me so that I can regain custody of them or working on not just regaining custody, but developing a relationship with them.
Richelle Direny: And so, losing the whole name losing Isaiah was Halle Berry was the drug addict in the movie, how much she worked very hard to regain
Richelle Direny: Custody and how she went to court and fought this family to gain back custody of the child and because she had the past of the drug use.
Richelle Direny: In court and her case everybody kind of was looking at her as just this addict and how she had to really work hard.
Richelle Direny: With her caseworker and everything to regain custody of this child that she saw wanted back in the end.
Richelle Direny: It came down to it was about, you know, working through her care plan with the caseworker and just kind of how things had gone gone wrong for her.
Richelle Direny: But how this child who didn't really know who she was, because all he knew was this mom and dad and brother and sister who had gotten him.
Richelle Direny: Um, but how she worked at gaining a relationship with this child through this adopted mother, where the adopted mother than chills because she now noticed
Richelle Direny: Mother to mother what it must mean like for her and how she felt. And so, towards the end of the movie it was more about
Richelle Direny: Her now working with her allowing her back in the child's life and it was, it's a very powerful, but it speaks volumes to what you're talking about. And seeing how do I receive this movie.
rosita stotridge: My sister is very she's very thoughtful.
I don't know that might not be the word but
I'm like I said, we didn't, we didn't grow up in the same home and my sister had like kind of resentment against me, but
rosita stotridge: My mom. My mom Randolph when my when my sister was younger and letter of my memo and took off with my step dad. That was a truck driver. I was two months ago with a baby and my mom just took off with my step dad and they
Richelle Direny: Go on. So you stayed with mom and she got sent with grandma. So now I have issues with you, which is this was frustration because there's nothing to do with me. Yeah. And you really get rid up with your mom and she'll talk. My sister saying
rosita stotridge: But like how how you just explained it right there. If I tried to get her to set, you know, try to open up like that.
rosita stotridge: She wants. She wants to open up like that with me at all. She won't talk to me about it. But she does, she has a very, very bad resentment with me or she became famous that bet you never has.
And she just
Richelle Direny: When it goes back to what I talked to what I just said to you control you have no control like her resentment is her resentment which base. If I'm just going to go with based on just what you're saying.
Richelle Direny: Your resentments is this place because they don't have nothing. So you really are frustrated with our mother.
Richelle Direny: Our mother is the one that you really need to have that conversation with, um, so I guess a beat being bitter into spiteful towards me. I had no choice. I mean, she chose
Richelle Direny: I was an infant. Then she kept me like you can't be upset with me. But then she's looking with you had the best years with or an idea of the best years with our mother. Oh, yeah. So, and I didn't get that.
rosita stotridge: She would get so angry because my mom didn't make me live it said that it made me better. So my stepsisters doing it and I was around us that Fisher is more than what I was with my sister.
rosita stotridge: I call my step father, Dad, you know, when he is he's, he's my he's my dad, he's my dad and my sister, my younger she hated it. I mean, it's
rosita stotridge: As I was around her and I would say you know that you really like bad went one with us there, you know, and I'll be like, what, what yeah you want you know Sam was there with us. I mean, she doesn't use
Richelle Direny: But that's not something you have control over her how her outlook and that's something like in family therapy.
Richelle Direny: Between you and her that you guys would have to do sometime later. But I think for you right now, you have to work in the realm of what you have control. I have control of this, that's all I have.
Richelle Direny: Anything outside of those parameters. I have no control over. I can't do anything about it. I can only I can only do and work within the realm of what I'm giving control of
Richelle Direny: You have to work on you and what I have to work on is regaining a relationship with my children. They are young right now and they may not understand that. But all you can do. Like I said, like, even with that movie. It's what did she do with the information that came in.
Richelle Direny: To her, she said, I want my child back. That's my goal. That's the only thing I'm looking at
Richelle Direny: And if this this which is the drugs and the addiction and all of that, if that's going to take me away from my goal, then I don't want any part of that does she have to work against the grains and everything that got thrown to her. She did.
Richelle Direny: Um, but
rosita stotridge: Can I thought when we do when I go to court with my sister on all this
rosita stotridge: As you know, may pass it pass my drug screens don't have known you know no problems doing good maintaining
rosita stotridge: And are they are they a way I could buy if it's a judge tries to order me to be off the box and before I get my kids back
Richelle Direny: What you would do is remember there are certain drugs that are like still new and just limited education, what you can do.
Richelle Direny: Is you can give because you're a part of this program you can give consent that if your caseworker once the contact bright heart.
Richelle Direny: To find out, are you going to groups are you seeing if you're doing counseling. Are you doing A, B, C, D, or if you're doing all of it. If you give consent.
Richelle Direny: Then we could you know have that conversation. Now that would have to be them speaking to the doctor to say whether or not
Richelle Direny: Um, you know, you coming off that because they can order you to say, oh, you got to get off Suboxone in order for you to get your kids.
Richelle Direny: You know, I don't believe that they can do that because if the doctor can
Richelle Direny: Justify or, you know, to show documentation as to why and how long it takes. Before that, so for some people coming on Suboxone is a, it's a long term goal.
Richelle Direny: But not long term like in the next six months. It's a long term as in, you know, further out that eventually you'll get to that point.
Richelle Direny: But how do you get to that point, you have to do the therapy, along with the tapering
Richelle Direny: You have to do the two, you're not going to just say, oh, I just want to come off of it. Just like that.
Richelle Direny: But then if you are never addressing. Why were you on it in the first place. What caused you to be on it in the first place. Well, I was an addict.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well, why were you an addict in the first place. Well, I had all these other issues going on if you never address that.
Richelle Direny: Then saying that I want to taper off of the Suboxone and never addressing these underlying issues. Guess what you're gonna
Richelle Direny: You're, you're setting yourself up for failure and you're you're setting yourself up to lose your children. I've been there, done that. Exactly so. So do you have any pending legal charges. No, no. Do you have, um,
Richelle Direny: Have you been incarcerated.
Richelle Direny: OK.
Richelle Direny: OK. Okay. Um, no underlying underlining not mental health medical issues. I'm the only
rosita stotridge: One kidney one over three and a half of the uterus.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
rosita stotridge: It was our birth defect.
Richelle Direny: You had four children. Yeah, a half of the uterus and one ovary. Yes. So you are a blessed woman.
Richelle Direny: Yes, I am very pleased that
rosita stotridge: My children. They're. They're beautiful angels
I mean, they really are.
rosita stotridge: My youngest Kindle. She is just she's a doll baby. Beautiful. They're so special. But yes, it's
rosita stotridge: When I get when when I went in being pregnant. I would have I would sign a consent forms delay like students
rosita stotridge: When they be doing X ultrasounds, only they would let students come in because it's called a your chronic at your clinic uterus. So maybe in pregnant with one kid would be like you being pregnant with twins, because my uterus is so small. So,
rosita stotridge: If I got pregnant with twins were my uterus is so small. If I got pregnant with twins and they both was in the same sec, I could carry books that well, it would be very high risk and watch me very well, but I would been able to carry them. But if in separate sex.
rosita stotridge: They would have to try to take one and safe one with Leah because they've been in separate sex. It's more room that they would have to have in there and they would be no way that I could so maybe I'm pregnant with one baby. It'd be like you've been pregnant.
Richelle Direny: With twins. Wow. Well, I have to say is that you're a blessed woman in one day. Once you everything is on you will be able to tell your story. So maybe your journey is your journey for a reason because
Richelle Direny: To have all of that and still be able to bring forth for children is a miracle within itself. Um, so
Richelle Direny: And that's one thing.
rosita stotridge: Because I didn't know about my birth defect until I was 16 I went to or until I was 15 I went to UT cheerleading camp and they draw me in a third, a human. Human
rosita stotridge: And they had Jordan my kidney, but that's how we found out that I was 16 years old before we even knew any of this, and that doctors looking like I know you've had your organs, you know, kidney, so no
Richelle Direny: One kidney is a birth defect as well. Yes, I only have some reap reap
Richelle Direny: Reap Rufus system came about. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Wow, wow, that's truly amazing. And it's truly a miracle. It's a miracle. So you've gotten through, you know, having a half of a reproductive system for healthy children, you have a story to tell. One day, um, do you have any. Were you ever diagnosed with a mental illness. No, I've never
rosita stotridge: I've never actually sat down with the
Richelle Direny: Psychiatrists and sit down and really got into it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. What about. Have you ever had therapy in the past. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, now with family does any of your family know you said you have one biological sister to is it half or just step siblings, I have
rosita stotridge: Into a lot, girl. All right, with my mom and my biological Dad, I have one sister.
rosita stotridge: With my step bed. I have three stepsisters
rosita stotridge: And then with my biological dad and his girl friend.
rosita stotridge: I have to have sisters
Richelle Direny: So you have to have sisters with your biological father and three step siblings with your stepfather.
Richelle Direny: So they're all girls.
rosita stotridge: Yeah. And then with my mom and my sister Monica. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you know, brothers brothers.
Well,
rosita stotridge: My youngest step sister was an addict and she
rosita stotridge: She, she didn't lose custody having but she just pretty much didn't take care of him and my dad just
Richelle Direny: About it. Yeah, just took in and I mean just be raised him as a son. So we, I think he's I think Tyler's like I want to say for four or five years younger than me.
rosita stotridge: So we grew up like brother and sister.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: editing it and nephew, it's brother and sister, brother and sister faction. We don't really want to get caught up in the title is brother. That's it. Just. That's it. You don't need to go any further.
Richelle Direny: I'm now.
Richelle Direny: Now in any, any of those that everything everybody that you just named that no one has a mental a diagnosable mental illness.
rosita stotridge: Um, my sister, my biological sister. I think she has got diagnosed before with bipolar when she was younger, I remember her going to reject view.
rosita stotridge: I never asked about it and talked about it with my mom and my sister since we've got older. This is, you know, I remember
I think she she had just got her last and thank you to 16 or 17
Richelle Direny: And happen.
rosita stotridge: I think it might have been Bipolar I do remember they give they give her Prozac.
And there's another one.
Richelle Direny: And I can't think of it, but I think that that word, and my mom has had a psychiatrist and she has been diagnosed
rosita stotridge: Personality Disorder.
Bipolar
Richelle Direny: And I think there's another one I would have to ask her, and then get back with you on it but you got two or three. Gotcha. And and
Richelle Direny: What about your biological father or your stepfather.
My step father
rosita stotridge: Never done drugs that I know of. Every nice LAUGH Hey would drink a beer. You know, like if we went on vacation drink a beer once or twice or something like that or be mode and it was hot you are drinking the beer, then
Never an alcoholic work everyday. We've lived very hard working man I'm
Now my
Biological dad. On the other hand, he's he's mad.
rosita stotridge: Because like I said, I live in a small town and there's still older people around that my dad got how with info drugs to that I'm getting high and bond drugs alpha male, you know, in
It.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So there's a for you. There's a predisposition to drug use, because for the most part it's always been around you with seeing your mom, your dad. Your, your step siblings are all my uncle's on my mom's side and my mom is very close with her family.
Richelle Direny: What about your grandparents.
I knew my mom, my Mom's Mom, just a little bit, but she really didn't have a relationship with me because I think because of the
Word Sam have taken care of me and mom with Monica there with her, my man mom really didn't have a relationship with me.
Now my step dad's mom, she
rosita stotridge: Knows, my mom called me on Facebook.
Um,
rosita stotridge: My so my step grandmother, I would say I had more memories with her being my grandmother than anything logical that never knew. I never knew
So,
Richelle Direny: Anytime. What now in now. Has there been any
Richelle Direny: History From you, first of
Richelle Direny: Suicide a 10 overdose self mutilation.
No, no, no.
Richelle Direny: No, no you for you.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, sounds like. Now that you know what you mean.
rosita stotridge: Know about that now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. Now we have a different problems. We talked about here. Okay. So, no, not from you. But from your family within your family. Has there been any overdose suicidal suicide attempted homicide.
Richelle Direny: My youngest sister that
Richelle Direny: Had me fiction. She tried it and like to try a suicide.
Richelle Direny: OK.
Richelle Direny: Now I'm BIT OF COURSE HE SAYS SHE TRIED IT, which means that she was able to what is it was an overdose, or she was a full he went to cut herself, um, they think she was going through
rosita stotridge: I can't take it. After you have a baby.
Richelle Direny: Little smarter. Yes, I was down there helping her at the time she had just had her youngest son, and he was probably
Two, three weeks old, and we didn't before you leave about 10 minutes from me. My mom and dad did and
rosita stotridge: We're she was having problem, you know, she really didn't want to go and chase you didn't want to have really had nothing to do with thing.
rosita stotridge: So I was going down there and helping her out with him and I had went in there. She went to take shower. Now, what made me go check on her because I
rosita stotridge: Heard it down and she was in the bathtub and she had tried slit her wrists and within the water. So my instant I didn't have a phone. So I just grabbed the baby and I took off running to my mom and dad's and they call 911
Richelle Direny: And how long ago was
Goodness.
2000 maybe
20 years 20 years ago.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now, substance abuse, I know you talked about the people who were addicts, your, your dad. Your, your one of your stepsisters and your mom. Now what about your uncle your know your grandparents were addicts, were they
Richelle Direny: Not that I know now. Okay. And for your children. You don't know of them being diagnosed with anything a DD ADHD behavioral disturbances. Yes, my fish magister tickling then therapist, when all this was going on with the
custody battle.
rosita stotridge: My Kaylee. I was she went and she was an addicted to anything when I had her Hayden and Ella. I was in the Methadone clinic. When I had them so they had to stay in children's hospital for about a month.
Coming off.
rosita stotridge: Candle. I was on Sunday Texas her. She stayed probably two to three weeks at children's coming off of it, but they have diagnosed Hayden with ADHD.
rosita stotridge: And I said it's a side effect from the Methadone is what I haven't read no papers. This is what my sister as it to me.
rosita stotridge: Ella.
got diagnosed with them.
It's in the same. It's not OCD.
It's not ADHD.
rosita stotridge: But it's in the same diaphragm. I won't. I can't
Richelle Direny: Well, they'll see the 88 they're two different things ADHD is a hyperactivity disorder OCD is obsessive compulsive
rosita stotridge: Right Hayden stuff at ADHD.
rosita stotridge: Ella's though I can't say says she has ADHD and there's another one. I can't thank you
Richelle Direny: Is it a behavioral thing.
rosita stotridge: Yeah, it was in the same isn't the thing that for him as a behavioral thing that OCD is an ADHD.
Richelle Direny: What OCD is not in the same. It's not in the same thing OCD is completely. It's a little different, um, is it like is it like conduct disorder oppositional defiance. If it's a behavior.
Yeah.
What you just said, what's the
Richelle Direny: Oppositional defiance is when. What's the initials for that.
Richelle Direny: Oppositional defiance is there's no initials, it's just
rosita stotridge: Odd DC. Maybe. Is that what it is.
Richelle Direny: Oppositional defiance disorder would be odd.
Richelle Direny: That, that sounds like is it is it like they act out like they just have these out versus they have no regards to authority and like they will just have like this outburst and just just very hard to come. Yeah, that's it. How old is he. How old is that
It's a she, and she's the one that just turn
For
Richelle Direny: Some wow that's kind of yeah opposite if if you're talking about child behavioral disorders behavioral especially there's those oppositional where there's nothing you can do to I'm saying it was
rosita stotridge: a birth defect reaction also the Methadone
Richelle Direny: Yo, I have to think about what diagnosis. That is, um, that as a think about the diagnosis, but that's what she has. Yeah, like she
rosita stotridge: If you tell her to go do something she is. She's gotten better with it at it now but she'll. She would tell you know and i mean be determined on not doing it.
Richelle Direny: I mean, but and you're saying that that's because of the fact that she was I mean oppositional. That's a behavioral. This is what they
rosita stotridge: never took my daughter. I thought my daughter was acting like a little normal two year old kid.
And me.
rosita stotridge: But I think my sister, not like to clinics. My sister's very against
rosita stotridge: Addict thing my sister couldn't stand that my kids and I had my I had my own skeletons in my closet about
rosita stotridge: Making a choice about having babies addicted.
rosita stotridge: No. Was it there. No, it wasn't.
rosita stotridge: That just like I told her, just because I'm an addict. Does that mean that I can never be a mother acting experience motherhood, just because I because I went and doing nothing else. I was just in the Methadone clinic. That's all I was doing and
rosita stotridge: She just, yeah. She said she's been very against it from day one. She said at the baby can later and go through withdrawal think no different than you doing it. And it was just
Richelle Direny: I mean, yeah, it is. I'm looking at it. Is this the only thing when it comes down to a child with mental health, it would have to be
Richelle Direny: Oppositional it says she's oppositional and I mean that's, I would have to read that, because that's to say that it's attached to the fact that I can, I can see it being
Richelle Direny: Medical something medical related to the fact that you were
Richelle Direny: Because she was born addicted but oppositional is more a behavioral thing where and like you said it could just be
Richelle Direny: The fact that she's a kitten, and she's mimicking at four years old. You're mimicking what the other kids are doing or whatever else is going on. So at four years old to say you have oppositional defiance is a bit
Richelle Direny: I mean, what kid doesn't tell you know something, you tell them to do. I mean, that's, let me find a kid that doesn't tell you notice something. Then I'm going to give that kid a minute.
Richelle Direny: Because
rosita stotridge: I don't know things that she
rosita stotridge: And I mean she she did take them to their best Boca she did have, you know, she did have a folder on it, everything but elsewhere. Some doctors, I think, because there's so many people that are against you know people that women that's on Suboxone or methadone having children.
rosita stotridge: A lot of I got I got treated like dirt. A few nurses there my parentheses, I mean very rude.
Richelle Direny: And that you just you just gotta take it and swallow it and move on. Yeah. Again, it is, it is. You just haven't taken swallow it just, there's just lacking.
rosita stotridge: Knowledge of the whole concept for someone that is got the disease with an addiction. But some people just
rosita stotridge: I can't, like, I can't understand where my sisters and my brother and my sister can understand where I'm coming from.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: But it goes. It comes down to this. It's, it's, it's whether or not I want to understand it or whether or not I want to be stuck in my ways of thinking
Richelle Direny: If it's not affecting me directly, like that, or I'm not doing it, then I don't want to understand it and I don't care to understand it. That's kind of when you can't really fight.
Richelle Direny: A person's choice say they wanted. This is how they then you pick your battles, is this one worth fighting if they refuse to to do something so moving to the next arm thing use. Hold on.
Richelle Direny: Were you you were born and raised in Ohio. I mean, in in Tennessee.
Yeah. Yes.
Richelle Direny: We talked about what you want.
rosita stotridge: I'm moved
The first boyfriend. I told you the first love available within government down. I started drifting down the wrong path.
My stepsister had given me a chance. And she said, you can come up here. She said, and stay with me and I hope you get a job and you know you get clean get up on your feet.
rosita stotridge: My whole plan was to you know get clean. Get a job and and go back to school that was, that was my plan because this is before had, you know, had kids so that that was a big plan a month. Well, I got down in
rosita stotridge: Virginia and I stayed there for
Seven years six and a half years.
Yeah, about six minutes anywhere from five, six years I had lived down there.
Then I ended up moving back up here because
Amanda
Has been bitten Raquel
Richelle Direny: Okay, so this is what we're doing. Um, I mean there's a lot you can work on, but we're gonna we're going to chip away at it slowly. Chip. Chip. Chip.
Richelle Direny: Um, you know, you can't take down the whole wall of Jericho just in one setting takes a lot of planning and preparation on a long time before you bring down the wall.
Richelle Direny: Um, you know, it's just the, you know, I like I always tell everyone you know I'm here with you. You're on. If you want to stay on that journey. I'll be on that journey with you.
Richelle Direny: I'll try to guide you as much as you allow I think what makes a great relationship is communication between the two. And I'm showing up.
Richelle Direny: And that's it, showing up and coming to that place of not just, um,
Richelle Direny: Awareness but acceptance. You can't accept something if you're not aware of it and once you're aware of it. You have to learn how to accept it.
Richelle Direny: And accept what is in your power to do what is in the power in your power and control to do and accept the things that you have no control over.
Richelle Direny: Um, and understanding why you don't have control over certain things. So that's kind of when I say like, I'm here on this journey with you and if one of your goals is to
Richelle Direny: If one of your goals is to and I know one of your biggest goal that you're focusing on is to be able to work towards
Richelle Direny: meeting the goals of your career care plan to regain custody for you to understand what that looks like and for you to come to that place of willingness to say you are willing to
Richelle Direny: Go through the trenches, if that's what you have to do to get it.
Richelle Direny: And, you know, maybe this is early in the game, but you know something, like I said, it's what you. It's what you receive the information. Will you take away from it information, it's two different directions. You can go, you can
Richelle Direny: Huh.
rosita stotridge: I said I think they'll probably made me do
Richelle Direny: parenting classes and there'll be all kinds of things. And I'm sure I'm sure because and that's what I was saying in everything that comes to you.
Richelle Direny: If it's overwhelming. In that moment, walk away from it. So you're my coach and what what the reason why you're walking away so you can reset your mind to be able to receive the information and then at a time.
Richelle Direny: And the reason why I said, you know, it's what you do when you read when when information is given to you. You can either go this way or you can go that way, but you have to determine what is going to be your destination.
Richelle Direny: Depending on direction that you go in and you have to. And, you know, as I was talking to you. And I thought about that movie losing Isaiah, it really speaks to exactly what you're going to go through
Richelle Direny: It speaks 100% of what you're going to go through, because there was a lot that she had to do. There was a point where she gained back custody of the child.
Richelle Direny: And then the child was pretty much ripped away from her and how she handled that. Did she go back to relapse, or did she get the she stayed on that journey. She didn't allow her circumstances in her situation.
Richelle Direny: To get her down that she lose sight of the goal, but eventually
Richelle Direny: Area. Yeah, exactly. Did that when
rosita stotridge: I when they took they got me what they got me on with my kids was neglect and
rosita stotridge: It was neglect and Benjamin is what they call me and then they mimic comes in play, because I was late and my oldest daughter has always had a relationship with my mother, where she stayed with her like for
rosita stotridge: Two, three weeks at a time. It wasn't just me going and open up the door and draw could help my kid it was nothing like that he had agreement.
rosita stotridge: I mean, and we've done this. Ever since Kaylee is Warren and when I lived in Virginia, you know, she would come down here and stay with my mom for a month and then come back home and
rosita stotridge: But the town Kaylee third school
rosita stotridge: I had with through junior had with my husband and come here and when I met my kids and his dad. Now we had go to place and the school that Kaylee was going to
rosita stotridge: Get into sport and she loved volleyball. I mean just crazy about volleyball. And I told her, I said, Okay, yes. And because I was living at my mom's that, you know, for the past 30 YEARS TO IN SO IT'S MY MOM'S HOME TO WORK AND
rosita stotridge: Idea as that. Okay, Kayla, so this is what we'll do is I'll let you stay with nano during the week go to school and out rally do your volleyball and everything and you can normally I'm a weekend.
rosita stotridge: She said, Okay, I had and humid even come over to my house on through the week, you know, and found that I would take her to school.
That was slam my sister never really complained about that now.
My step mom my body could head Roman
rosita stotridge: My sister hate. I mean, completely can't stand her she's, she's my sister, same age. She's the same age as my sister, my mom.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you. Okay. Three years younger than you. Okay. Okay. Three years older than you.
rosita stotridge: So my sister speaking same crispy came standard, but
rosita stotridge: Currently had a great relationship with my kids. I mean, she she never treated him out of the way she could, she she loved on you know i mean never nothing never nothing pad. I mean, if it's bad. I wouldn't been there but they wanted, they offered to help with my kids.
Will run at the west. I had a back in 2018 after had
Kindle. I had a hernia removed.
rosita stotridge: It. My mom had ended up getting sick, so my mom said out. I've got Paley covered grows as it. Okay, Mom. I had because I needed a babysitter for two weeks because
rosita stotridge: Approximately all the whole recovering. Everything was about a week and a half. And I couldn't be to pick anything up or anything like that. So,
rosita stotridge: Monza and mom said, we cannot Kaylee covered and Christy, she said Rose, because she had just got diagnosed with cancer and she's been fighting cancer now for about a year. Mel mel alone now aloma
Richelle Direny: He had just found this out. So she said, I can only help you, she said, I'll help you with
rosita stotridge: Hayden, and the baby was Kindle. I said, okay, as so they're left Atlanta and my dad sister. She lived in Ohio Sydney. Oh, now I know where but I don't know this woman but
rosita stotridge: My sister and everyone else does. And everybody says to you know to be to be in care of and you know everything good
rosita stotridge: Well, I'll let that go on to that was going on for two weeks she was gone for two weeks. And once you come back.
rosita stotridge: I went to go pick them up and I had got a phone call from my mom telling me she said Rose. There's no reason to go to be able to pick your kids up there in Nashville.
rosita stotridge: I said, What do you mean there Nashville mom, she said, Monica went and found emergency petition and they granted it to her and they took a chemical me caught that two bills in the Gulf kids.
And that was it. That was, that was all she wrote. So they got me.
rosita stotridge: The neglect Kindle, you know, a baby can slobber and get a little bit of a rash, like a chat neck right through here.
rosita stotridge: Well, she had one of those. And my sister blew it up. She's zoomed it looks way worse than the pictures and what it
rosita stotridge: Was it was a little role that we add me concerned about it. And this is in the fall and you know like in between little newborns. When you take out their socks la got buzz.
rosita stotridge: And how they can you know what new skin pigment in between their toes that tell her toes. Look, my sister took pictures of that and blew it up. They that's where the Nicolette come in. So they got me for Nikolay
rosita stotridge: And they got me for my they said my kids. One of my goals, before I can have them back all my kids has got a result in one home. So that means like Haley couldn't stay with my mom and come with me on the weekend and my step dad and crispy couldn't be keeping the other three
rosita stotridge: Like they did, they all would have to resign and home so that they don't mean because
Pretty much mean
rosita stotridge: When we say the grandparents too much, but my dad.
rosita stotridge: My biological dad played it all against Me went and testified against me and said that he was too old to take care of them. And it was just craziness.
Richelle Direny: YEAH, YEAH, IT'S IT TO YOU HAVE YOUR Reverend Steve, for sure. You have a lot going on. Um, and it sounds like your sister.
Richelle Direny: She really is finding a way to keep building a case against you. But the question is, or
Richelle Direny: The question is, or what it appears to be is that you don't have enough strength to fight her or courage. Yeah. You know, you don't have enough courage and because
Richelle Direny: She knows that she uses it against you. Yeah.
rosita stotridge: I got very overwhelmed and when they took them away and a new day wasn't coming home, my dad and being an addict. I couldn't find a way out. But heroin heroin was not the way
Richelle Direny: It just, it just helps you to numb the pain, the thought, when do you want to sell it come in the house is gone, everything worse.
rosita stotridge: The pain was
Richelle Direny: Uh huh. And you needed to stop feeling in that moment.
Richelle Direny: So, definitely. That's why I said you have to. It's not just about taking Suboxone. It's not just taking these things. It's, you have to get to the source of it and because your sister knows your weakness.
Richelle Direny: Because you show it and you don't have anything to come up against every time. If the more I kick you down. The more I speak down to you, the more I put you in a slumber.
Richelle Direny: The, you're just going to reach for some kind of numbing device that out of, um, that you basically just take me away from here, feeling so I don't have to feel and see and know what's going on. And, you know, so I didn't, I didn't
Richelle Direny: I didn't thought I did she knows that she knows if it based on what you're saying that went to my court dates. I don't know my drug test.
rosita stotridge: Passed all much or test. I've done that. I'm Brigitte view things they wanted me to do. I mean, I've done everything that the judge asked me to do.
rosita stotridge: But except for one thing. And this is what really bugs me in the answer show where my sister doesn't like
rosita stotridge: The kids is that she's trying
rosita stotridge: She's trying to say is abusive.
rosita stotridge: And you've never hit me. I mean, we've had arguments, where we have raised her voice with one another, but they have never been no hit and and she just make the sound wonky is just
awful person and bear, they don't want the kids.
rosita stotridge: She says you don't want my kids around. So basically when they
Richelle Direny: See fight for his own children. Well, this is the crazy part two is
rosita stotridge: Where I'm still married
Richelle Direny: My wife has no right over there.
rosita stotridge: Yes, girl.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, he has no record for them. He has it, they're technically they're all of them belong to your husband. Yes, unless your husband, unless your husband.
Richelle Direny: Says he has to sign to say no, they are not my kids and then that's when he can claim rights over again so yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it is. Let me hold on, let me see what I can schedule your next your next appointment is is definitely
Richelle Direny: In me
Yeah, they wanted me to
Imagine the rigid few things live in everything. They were asking me to do.
Well, there's a call of a protection order.
Think that's I think that's what that's called wanted me to take one of those out on my kids is that
This word. You know, I could even have a process of trying to get them back and then they want to judge them and try to order said
I had to be completely out, out of the box and clinic office, the box and before I get them back and it was craziness and I didn't have nobody with knowledge or anything to actually help
Richelle Direny: With six o'clock for your next meeting. What six o'clock.
Six o'clock.
Richelle Direny: What day was it will be that it's on Monday, May 11
Yeah, that'll work.
Richelle Direny: So I just schedule you for your next appointment.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so, um, yeah I schedule you for your next appointment and, you know, I'll send a reminder, or either way. I'll tell you every mind doing group as well. Okay. All right. Um,
Well my question.
rosita stotridge: I haven't been able to sleep. I didn't want to talk about it really in group.
Um,
I guess where I'm not her and nominate
Richelle Direny: More in it.
I can't stand the clock. It's like when I tried to lay down to go to sleep in a quiet, it's just
Richelle Direny: I can't make my head. Stop. All right. I'll send Dr. Jamison a message like
Richelle Direny: You're having a hard time sleeping.
Richelle Direny: I'll send her a message now. Okay. And so she can just reach out to let you know.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. Rosie. Thank you. You have a good day. You too. Bye bye.